:::info
**🤔 Consider the following:**
1. What are Zero-Knowledge Proofs?

Zero-Knowledge Proofs is a mechanism where an entity can cryptographically proof a statement to another withour reveling anything about that statement.

2. What are the principles of soundness, completeness, and zero-knowledge?

Soundness: The prover can't cheat the verify if the statement is not valid.
Completeness: An honest prover will eventually convince the verify about the validity of the statment.
ZK: The verifier learns nothing about the statement besides the fact it's true.

3. What distinguishes interactive from non-interactive proofs?

While in interactive proofs we need a back a forth communication between the prover and the verifier, in non-interactive proofs the verifier can convince itself about the validity of the statement.

:::

:::info
**🤔 Consider the following:**
1. Which example did you find most enlightening, and why?

Sudoku. Because is a real world example of the applied concepts of ZK.

2. How do these examples demonstrate the principles of zero-knowledge proofs?

Waldo: The verifier can see Waldo but not to where he is. That's means the prover statement is valid and the verifier learns nothing about the location.

3. Can you think of any potential applications of these concepts in everyday life?

Authentication. We log-in to many online applications everyday which ask you for personal details.

4. Can you explain these thought experiments to someone non-technical? Try it with a friend or family member!
:::

:::info
**🤔 Consider the following:**
1. Which application of ZKP do you find most intriguing, and why?

MACI: Wonder how and when this mechanism can be applied to off-chain votings

2. Can you imagine any other potential applications of ZKP?

Continuous ZK face recognition to proof identity. When an ID is stolen, this will prove that the actual user is the same as the ID claims.

:::

## Topics to Research

- Fundamentals:
  - Prime Numbers and Composite Numbers
  
Numbers than only have 2 factors, 1 and itself.

  - Greatest Common Divisors (GCD)

The greatest common factor number that divides two or more numbers.

- Modular Arithmetic and Congruence
  - What is modular arithmetic?

Arithmetic that deals with whole numbers in such a way that all numbers are replaced by their remainders after a fixed number (modulus)

  - Exploring congruence classes

The set of all integers that are congruent to a modulo n. 

- Group Theory
  - What is a group structure?

Is the combination of a set and a binary operation.

  - What is a group operation?

The group operation is the rule for combining two elements to produce another element within the group. The operation is associative and has an identity element.

- Diving Deeper:
  - What is a finite group?

Is a group with a finite collection of elements.

  - What is a cyclic group?

Is a group that can be generated by a single element by applying the group operation repeatedly.

  - What is a generator?

Elements or sets of elements within the group that can generate all other elements of the group by applying the group operation.

  - What are finite fields?

Also called a Galois field, finite field is a field that contains a finite number of elements.

  :::info


## 💪 Exercises

Here are the exercises for this module. Collaborate with others to find the answers, and remember to support each other!

### Comprehension

Summarize each of the following concepts in a few sentences:

1. Three-Colouring Graph problem with Hats

We can use ZK to prove the solution of a "Three-Colouring" Graph by interactive proofs where the verifier challenges us repeatedly until is fully convinced that we know the solution. The more challenges, less is the chance to fool the verifier when the prover is not honest.

2.  Ali Baba’s Cave analogy

Same. Interactive proofs with probabilistic component until the verifier is convinced.

3.   The difference between interactive and non-interactive proofs

In interactive proofs both prover and verifier needs to be online and talking each other to go back and forth with challenge and answer system. In non-interactive it is not necessary to online at the same time. The verifier don't need to challenge the prover to be convinced.

### Modular Arithmetic

Solve the following problems and gain a practical understanding of modular arithmetic:

1. $7\ mod\ 13$

= 7

2. $15\ mod\ 13$

= 2

3. $(7+15)\ mod\ 13$

= 9

4. $(7\ mod\ 13 + 15\ mod\ 13)\ mod\ 13$

= 9

If the results of the third and fourth calculations match, they follow a "group structure". Can you determine if these do?



### Generators

Consider the cyclic group $(Z_{12}, +\ mod\ 12)$, commonly referred to as the "additive group of integers modulo 12". Address the following points:

1. What does the term 'generator' mean?

It is the element of the set that can generate all the other elements of the set by applying the operation of the group repeatedly to itself.

2. Can you find a generator for this group?

1 is a generator of this group.

3. Are there other generators for this group? If yes, what are they?

Yes, the generators will be all elements in the set such that gcd(x,12)=1.

gcd(1,12) = 1, then 1 is generator

gcd(5,12) = 1, then 5 is generator

gcd(7,12) = 1, then 7 is generator 

gcd(11,12) = 1, then 11 is generator